I fall in love with you again and again. Sorry.

I'm broadcasting on Mixer right now! Check it out:  n#XboxShare

gracilis flap muscle can be used for fecal incontinence due to traumatic injury

hmu if u wanna :((

When I got the news it was time to watch The Tin Drum again. In that film,  the sadness we all felt for his ch… 

I suppose to study rn

Cincin ukiran tangan, Silver 925nnCincin: Perak AslinBatu: Akik YamannKhat: Ya Qadi Al-HajatnnCincin diukir halus d… 

...?? BE BOld ??...n#makeYourMARK with #boldMakeup mark.malaysia ...n... young and energetic girl like _vitoriaferraz… 

happy birthday my lil sis who have always been my partner in crime x ?? eiei Singapore 

Speaking for yourself??

I’m proudly announce, I’m going to bed now. Buhbyee ??????

Because the black one is ugly ?? BALENCIAGA 

Hahahaha always pretty my agnez mo ????

Showing gratitude is one of the simplest yet most powerful things humans can do for each other.… 

You're always a villian ??

I is so happy perabis data save video gv5??

I never wish to happen to be like so but if the situation is making like so, i just cant holding back to it. Im fragile. Honestly.

From now on,no more iced tea!!!!!!!!

Wise choice my friend. Time to unleash your inner anti-hero and been prepared to become a badass together with Venom 

but this happened right in front of my eyes.?????? 

When your relaxed AF Hawaiian shirt perfectly matches the bullet-riddled flaming vehicle that you’ve just been driv… 

I would invite all the ahgases!! ????

32 more days~ #bpaiklubbaan #cantwaittogohome ??

Yes but poignantly with beard  &amp; sunken eyes????

For myself laaaaaaa. Self gifting. Im not loved as much as i love myself. Tiberrrr.

i date to marry.

The pill only cause me more pain ????

It's goalless at half time, suddenly came alive in the last one minute but overall this has been game. #AFCU16

forgot to follow you here. Love you aish ??

I tend to be sensitive as hell when demam panas ya ampun bye

I'm at Taman Bukit Kuchai in Puchong 

octagon has 8 sides october is the 10th month huh

Recibo el mes agradeciendo el anterior! #Repost dulcemilagromusic with get_repostn···nEstas cifras son nuestra reco… 

McD-ate, shall we?

Are you using your asshole to tweet??

The WSSET SET 2019 conference will be held in Kuala Lumpur. #Great stuff... #Excited

Couldnt agree more ??#PeminatTegarLawson

earth.exclusive will be participating at the  shoppesfskl Come and check us out this weekend… 

Yes, now replying all non work related emails. Just got back from the office ??

those liberals. haihh

The dreamiest of scenes. 

DESPACITO HOT DUO EVER !!nMAKE SOME NOISY GUYS!!nn????????????nn#DDDTH #AimTime #aimsatida #TeamAIMazing 

I'm at Eyeland Optical 

Pete First Meet AenAe's First KissnPete's First LOVEnn#LBCPHILIPPINES nn

History repeats itself

My wife &amp; I ?? 

??Read the post to get BTC Bonus: Doomsday for Ethereum? Why Some Analysts Are Shorting ETH  

that pout

bought it thru ig but it’s out of stock alrdy, I believe mine is the last batch ????

Effort shows it all~

Count down to CONCEPT 2018 at the Thistle...

I'm at Warung 60an in Kempas, Johor bahru 

Are you kidding me. So weird.

i just need your attention . lol craving for it.

3rd week of continuing Masters Degree; so far so good but thinking of changing from coursework into fully research...should I? ??

Przeciez ma problem z kolanem, to od tej siatkówki.

all snuggled up and ready to sleep but my eye thought “fuck you” and starts to itch 

my keyboard did it... not me #haram

A real thankyou or sarcastic one? Hahaha

Thank you!

sad over the same things

Know that I'm always grateful. ???nn#h22m 

#Alhamdulillah, just finished eating supper with my parents and brother at home tonight. ??

Conet pecahkan gelas kaca while demuk jahanamkan carrier

you really got no chill, smh ??????????????

Fav beat ??  Here’s a song for you… Cleanin' Out My Closet by Eminemn

I still love your adidas

Let’s do this ?? 

My bestfriend is so tak bersyukur when I nak puji dia. Ishhhh

Curious nya u dengan my plan. U tunggu je. I no need sugar daddy. I am a sweet saddy myself. Hahahah

too scared to give a chances, cause you don’t want to get hurt again ??

•The Hoe Down by Glory Hoes The Projector•nnUnderwear: #dancer… 

Special Mini Album 'One More Time' 2018.10.08 6PM(KST) #????? #SUPERJUNIOR #OneMoreTime #OneMoreTimeSJ

Heartbroken to what happened in Indonesia. May Allah bless you all with patience and strength to rebuild ??????

Say hello to goodbye cause its gone forever ??????

I couldn't get every where. Guess just can buy at concert.

Tanner fox's GTR is def slayinnnn ?? she is beautiful.

Nak jadi cam harishan ! Anna yaarum ennai eh pakkele mike .. nee than da my only true friend ????????????

Who else thinks the cameraman is using this for publicity? #rhop

Maybe 50 years more, maybe 40, maybe 30 years, maybe 20, probably too it can be 10 or less than it. Change of life… 

?? no tears left to cry ??

Day 1/31 of getting my 20k steps! Now time to do some yoga to before bed. ?? 

I don’t wanna be 21 just yet ??

Jom pm +601127665177....so horny...plizzzz

my keyboard completed the sentence laaa hahaha i didnt mean anything...

What a hectic month i guess ????

yup! buy it at the concert booth^^ come earlyyy hahahahha

My 2nd Skip Plastic Straw for today. Let's do it and change our lifestyle.nn#skipplasticstrawschallenge… 

those liberals are cheering when seeing people in confusion. in the name of human rights they say

Summer couldn’t be better ????nCatching up with old friends, doing an internship and meeting a whole bunch of amazing… 

The dreamiest. Full stop. 

gonna have grey eyes this October! ?????? 

I like to be lazy. I do like to be busy and really active, but when that's done, you can be sure I will be a lazy b… 

Rainbow Cake with fresh flowers. TQSM to Datin Jenny. #cake #rainbowcake #freshflower #freshflowercake #cakeart… 

The riff from flying whales by gojira is stuck in my head. Such a great song and band.

I have no value at all now. A hoe have none. Serve me right hhaha i sympathized people too easy that people take it for granted

In my dreams I make my way to MedinanThe home and chosen placenOf our beloved ProphetnWhere all I feel is peacenAnd… 

I have friends who have been trying to conceive but still no luck.nI have a friend who has been married for nearly… 

4 sems to go ?? 

What's like going under depression?

and I thought a mouse was calling for me HAHAHA

I'm at Ehsan's in Shah Alam, Selangor 

DON'T YOU DAREENNB

HB wish until midnight only Universiti Sains Malaysia 

Shalsa and friends. ?????????????????????? 

This is so heart breaking honestly. When saw the mv, juneeee you did well. Don't blame yourself. ?? We still love yo… 

Please love ur self more thn others.. titik.

In my dreams I make my way to MedinanThe home and chosen placenOf our beloved ProphetnWhere all I feel is peacenAnd… 

Betui ma. Tok

All the replies ????

“knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring” ????????????????

When your friend took an early flight and leave you with extra room 

The perks of a frequent flyer daddy. We get to hang out at the SQ lounge while waiting for our boarding time. See u… 

Kan, thank you anis ??, youre the best!!  Hehehe

I'm at Burger Samudra, Taman Sri Batu Caves 

too scared

this pic reminds me to someone that broke my heart. it really hurts ????

I'm at Roti Canai Terbang in Sungai Buloh, Selangor 

End of my internship ??n#petronas PETRONAS Twin Towers 

thank you bro

Am happy today. A bit. But still, happy :)

I want you to forget me. Forget all of the lingering feelings left for me. I should tell you this earlier. Gomen.

Sometimes i hate night. Better be like late night. You'll get drown on your own late night thoughts and youll start… 

The moment of hunger... And lost...

I already ask my friend buy for me as I will be there like noon.

Just a shot on with iphone. Deny noise and sharpness

I'm at Sukhumvit Restaurant in Petaling Jaya, Selangor 

Happy birthday and thank you #pondoksariwangi #birthday #dinner Pondok Sari Wangi Seafood Restaurant 

You need time to heal and recover yourself, you can keep it slowly but surely you cant give up?? Both donning navy b… 

Baby’s birthday dinner ?? (555 Villa Thai) 

I actually am not convinced this is plaid, but WHO CARES, LOOK AT HIM. 

After Apology, this is Hanbin's best song for me. nn*I mean second saddest song.n#iKONGoodbyeRoadnnHanbin please da… 

true friendship takes us by the hand and reminds us we are not alone in the journey...n#friendships #bffgoals Cur… 

I mean, I could slide in some early morning cardio..........but sleep’s kinda more important I think yafeelme?

Thinking to cook some laksa for fam tomorrow. ??

Dude! Dah 2 kali kau call cakap salah nombor, pastu call lgi for the the 3rd time?? ??

No weekend. No outing selama sebulan. Road to kebangsaan ?? sabor jelah nak. NI YG KAU NAKKAN PEAH????

Becoming a 25 years old woman with a career, one question that I get a lot now is “bila nak kahwin?” ???? nnWell, I d… 

I'm at Vapor Boy w/  

im tired but im happy..

Deny noise and sharpness for night pic. Ip6??? :))

fk la whr this acap i want makan siot this boy havent bangun

Postman Pat, Postman Pat,nPostman Pat and his black and white cat,nEarly in the morning,nJust as day is dawning,nHe… 

Its not easy to make up yourself when youre lost and confused tho hmm

Bcs they dont need you, know where you stand gurl ??

As usual.. Yoongi cant live without his coffee.. ??

Life is too short not to have pasta, steak, and butter... - ImannWoohoo! Gotta ??? the #foodgloriousfood served at… 

I’m at

I'm at Annahl's Crib in Subang Jaya, Selangor 

Shud wear the mask with the underwear i bought... hahaha

I'm at Boy Hookah Place in Taman Zoo View, Selangor 

Putus cinta baru jadi mcm ni dah. You should know kena cerai after married lagi sengsara hidup. You should be grate… 

I'm at in Singapore 

all the best eh

I’m worthless. I shouldn’t be the one who receive this kind of happiness

I'm at Sarcasteak Cafe in Johor Bahru, Johor 

DUO RESULT NOT BAD GUY 22..nPOWERFUL !! nn????????????????n????????????????????????nn#DDDTH #AimTime #aimsatida #TeamAIMazing 

Back to the grind. nnA whole day stuck with all HODs and CEOs for Pre Offsite Planning Meeting and lunch time going… 

I'm at GamesBond Sri Permaisuri - in Kuala Lumpur 

Same date, same person, another year. The day we knew each other ??n.nThankyou sebab ngorat i ?? #1stOctober… 

The definition of a best friend is a person who you value above other friends in your life, someone you have fun wi… 

It’s more likely to be I can’t

Our girl is doing great things!!

My heart ??

I'm at Spago - in Singapore 

Feels so good but you know it hurts

I hope so, why? Haha

Dinner ?? (King's Hotel in Melaka) 

“budak” dia panggilnya. I think its rude! Luckily I never like him before.??

That feeling when you had a crush in same office and you text him last night but he didnt replied it until he came… 

everyone else doing inktober while I'm here reading tomorrow's note for class...??

my finger only 4.8cm ??

bile orang suka copy my life haha sian

Those crush are still appearing. I need to get married now, i guess. Kah!

lapar??. but im on diet??

I'm at H &amp; H carwash in Kajang, Selangor 

The #original #singaporesling at #Longbar #raffleshotel #singapore Long Bar 

eh eh cm gmpng tau si gorila ni prmgai cm setan . No wonder bau kau cm bangkai tingkus kurapan

If we keep focusing on the things that we don’t have, that game is never gonna end. #syukurselalu

So tired ??????

Gentlemen Raid..face to face jumap ah sneg ????????nn#LelakiKirimanTuhan

I'm at Adrift by David Myers in Singapore 

Blame Kook for the filter on this, but also thank Kook for the fact that we have it. 

Idc imma gonna get that lush shampoo bar loreal pesemua asyik gugur je rambut arghh stressss

I'm at Tuah Cafe' in Kajang, Selangor 

idk antara abi sounds like it or it sounds like abi?? 

25. A song you like by an artist no longer living.nn Time. Favourite!

Waiting for Tuesday! It's 09.42pm here??

Its really feel hurt weh bila org yg jadi cam motivation kita dah takde. It just feel like the feelinf faded away :(

I'm at K.T.Z. Food in Petaling Jaya, Selangor 

I'm at Musyaty Tomyam (The New Jawa) in Bangi, Selangor 

Hustle seribu daya by all mean utk berjaya

do you? yes you do

Streetart on shophouses at Armenian street.nEnjoy the art and cafe. n.n#streetart #peoplescreatives #shophouse… 

I'm at Sri Sinar ???? Medan Selera Sri Sinar in Kuala Lumpur 

No words can describe how sad am i rn

I'm at Fort Haiqal 

sorry jeon, i love you, but banana and bread :(

yeah.. what a wonderful creature, take out the gracilis flap from right thigh then put it surround the… 

The Boiler is best known for their Seafood and their mains such as Signature Fish &amp; Chips, Crispy Prawn Linguine, a… 

Ina is now on twidderr

I'm not the best, but I promise I will love you with all my heart.

goodnight my boys ???? 

Yalls the food here are so cheap??? 2-5 dollars and youre set??? The special lamb burger???? GORL im SOLDDDD as fckkk

I'm at Kulim Landmark Central in Kulim, Kedah 

I'm at Restoran Kapitan in Bukit Mertajam, Penang 

selamat malam, sayang?? i love you??

Kakki, why do you have such a great voice!!! Even just laughing, it sounds like music to me ??????nnHis voice... I'm m… 

??? Let's Move ????&amp;?????

HAHAHAHAHAHA THAT IM HERE THOUGH

I'm at Chinese Restaurant in Singapore 

Why me? ?? (Kuala Lumpur International Airport - in Sepang, Selangor) 

ig! but mmg last batch huhuuu

Ok my body started to give sign: running nose is coming! No good no good

I am sorry is this what you called food quality? The mussels and prawns are not fresh at all. This is no… 

But no love for me

Besides you, only you.

mybe I don't need to think about it. wasted

I really make someone as as motivation and love back day but yeah tersilap langkah lalu diri sndiri diketepikan. En… 

A very good long lost friend. Rest well brother ??

The joy of seeing finishing line and get double PB ... nn?? by nn#sauconyrun2018 #cyberjaya #frc… 

My friend said that I’m crazy for crying over a two dimensional guy...... ha ha 

I love you.

Not everyone understands your sillyness. Not everyone can layan your playful-mood. Not-everyone-o-k.

He like it

Looks like the Is being represented here. 

I really need to love myself more and more ????

Why am I so discouraged lately

you will be the first person yang dapat jangan risau

“Not antivaxxer” ?? 

??2????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????Running to Horizon -Tetsuya Komuro  

my toxic trait; i tend to push most people away and asked myself why they never came back ha ha ha.

I'm at IKEA in Johor Bahru, Johor w/ 

The guy chose the wrong woman after all ??

so exhausted i wna sleep but man no sleep tonight ??

I wasn’t even midnight so why I have to ramble random things ha ha ha so sorry

Just posted a photo TGV Cinemas 

 this video needs to come with a warning :///

I'm at Library UiTM Campus Alor Gajah, Malacca in Alor Gajah, Melaka w/ 

We were just at ION Orchad omg

It**

Before you know it it'll 20 lolol

Future is creeping me out

My dad too.. ???? 

I'm at Der Garage Bistro - in Shah Alam, Selangor 

yan jimin, ramyeon pa, anghang no? hahahahahhaa

sedih &amp; sendu gak la bila fikir that im leaving my best budds. but hey, life goes on.... ??

When you got no fucks for someone else’s story

Cupcakes ordered by Datin Jenny. TQSM! #cupcakes #dwenujang #prettyyummythings #caramelbutterscotch #redvelvet Pr… 

I will send you some teah tarik abang??????

can someone tell me how to be a good brother and a good boyfriend???

my cousins told us to take a pic and fefeeling honeymoon at bangkok bcos got “BANGKOK COOKIES” HAHAHA I CNNOT 

Tonight , i manifest my thoughts into words . For those that laugh as others hurt dont they look up the sky and obs… 

Baek bro. You are my world bro

Ahahhaa yeah i know i should ignore him. But i can't help myself to reply and educate him which I'm not… 

Please make this happen ???? Ed Woodward please do your job! ????????????
